c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\obj\Debug\RosettaToRevit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RosettaToRevit.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RosettaToRevit.pdb
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RevitAPI.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RevitAPIUI.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\DBManagedServices.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\AdWindows.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RevitAddInUtility.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\APIInterop.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\UIFramework.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\AddInManager.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\UIFrameworkServices.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\ManagedMC3.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RevitAPI.xml
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\RevitAPIUI.xml
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\cs-CZ\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\de-DE\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\en-US\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\es-ES\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\fr-FR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\it-IT\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\ja-JP\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\ko-KR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\pl-PL\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\pt-BR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\ru-RU\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\zh-CN\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\zh-TW\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\obj\Debug\RosettaToRevit.dll
c:\users\brunof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\obj\Debug\RosettaToRevit.pdb
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.dll
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.pdb
C:\Users\BrunoF\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RosettaToRevit\RosettaToRevit\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.xml
